INT PIMCO3 is a project invested by Pacific Investment Management Company, which is used to solve the technical difficulties encountered in Fil mining, calculate the optimal algorithm through big data analysis, and provide disaster recovery backup of IDC machine room and fil currency pledge, so as to generate stable high income. Users only need to pay a certain amount of usdt to generate fixed investment income, and do not need to bear any risk in mining. 


1: Use your friend's sharing link to log in and log in to your USDT (TRC20) wallet address to automatically activate. <br></br> 2: Select the circulation period and pay the amount of USDT (TRC20) you need to circulate to the payment address. The system will automatically carry out real-time mining according to your current USDT, and generate certain income. The specific income is as follows<br></br> 3: After the circulation expires, the contract will automatically return the increased USDT (TRC20) to your wallet address. <br></br> 4: USDT (TRC20) circulation reward rules at the 0th ring: <br> 101% after 1 day of circulation, 110% after 7 days of circulation, and 130% after 15 days of circulation <br></br > 5: Sharing reward rules: <br> For every 100 USDT in circulation, you can get one generation of sharing rewards, up to 20 generations of sharing rewards. <br> If you circulate 100 USDT by yourself, you can get 30% of the income for each generation. <br> If you circulate 200 USDT by yourself, you can get 20% of the income for the second generation. <br> If you circulate 300 USDT by yourself, you can get 10% of the profit for each generation. % <br> If you circulate 400-1000 USDT by yourself, you can get 5% of the income of 4-10 generations. <br> If you circulate 1100-2000 USDT yourself, you can get 1% of the income of 11-20 generations.<br></br>
